= Sidekick

A simple proof of concept Contact Photo import for you address book that gets
all your Facebook contact's photos (who are in your address book) and updates
them.

The code is a mess and to get around macgems not working there are some really ugly hacks, but it works and does what it advertises.

== Install

First make sure you have XCode dev tools installed.

You'll need to have MacRuby installed to compile it, you can grab that via:

  MR=http://svn.macosforge.org/repository/ruby/MacRuby
  svn co $MR/tags/0.3 MacRuby-0.3
  cd MacRuby-0.3
  rake
  sudo rake install
  
More info about installing MacRuby can be found here:

http://www.macruby.org/trac/wiki/InstallingMacRuby

You'll also need to install a couple gems (some via github gems):

  gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
  sudo gem install nokogiri tenderlove-mechanize
  
== Building

Once you have everything installed Open the XCode project file and hit build.

== Usage

<b>The application will appear to hang when loading contacts or updating all 
your photos. It has not crashed, it just doesn't provide visual feedback.</b>

<i>Well it may have crashed, but be patient it might be slow...</i>

Once running enter your facebook username (you email address) and passowrd.
Click get contacts and wait (this may take a minute or two, maybe longer if
you have lots of contacts). It should populate with all the contacts it's
found in both list and let you go through your photos.

200 contacts = about 1 minute

The button on the bottom right will confirm your photo selection. The buttons
on the left operate as advertised.

If you have MobileMe setup, after updating your photos they should just show 
up on your phone (this is really why I built it ;) ).

== Warning

This is a prototype to see if I could scrape the Facebook profiles, it's
functional, but may break everything. If it eats all your contacts, or screws
anything up that's just how it goes, don't blame me. You may want to keep a
backup of all that stuff.
